Update index.md (#9966)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/lti/index.md

- [Microsoft Teams Classes with Moodle](teams-classes-meetings-with-moodle.md).
- [Microsoft Teams Classes with Open LMS](open-lms-teams-classes-and-meetings.md).
- [Microsoft Teams Classes with Desire2Learn Brightspace](teams-classes-meetings-with-brightspace.md).

### OneNote Class Notebook LTI

> 
> OneNote Class Notebook LTI can work with your Learning Management System.Use OneNote Class Notebook with your LMS to create a shared notebook and link it to your course. Students enrolled in your LMS course can access the notebook automatically without you having to add their names. For configuation steps, See [Microsoft OneNote Class Notebook LTI](https://www.onenote.com/lti/integratelti)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OneNote Class Notebook LTI can be used with your Learning Management System (LMS) to create a shared notebook and link it to your course. Students enrolled in your LMS course can access the notebook automatically without you having to add their names. For configuration steps, see [Microsoft OneNote Class Notebook LTI](https://www.onenote.com/lti/integratelti).
```
